you know what's going on guys DJ's here
I wanted to bring you guys a comparison
video between the different flying it
sneakers that I've seen available to us
now and just kind of show you guys an
up-close comparison between all three
sneakers so obviously you can see on the
left hand side we have the the Nike
Flyknit lunar pluses and then we have
the flight at choucas down front and
then the back here we have two flying it
fries
this material is absolutely just wicked
crazy and this is the the multicolored
one or whatever and it's just it's such
a intricate material it's pretty
ridiculous
it's definitely like a knit upper if you
guys haven't seen these in person before
it's pretty pretty ridiculous and very
lightweight and it's definitely a
breathable material and I think that
that's probably the the best part about
it now then here's the chiku's or the
checkers if you will up close and these
are the ones I've worn a lot you can see
they're very dirty look at that we've
got a berry on it and a bird it looks
like I picked these just straight up off
of the okay the floor over there just to
look I mean this is what happens I wear
these ones quite a bit just as you're
SuperDuper comfortable probably the most
comfortable shoes actually I own if it
came down to it these ones are them and
you can see again this material is just
wicked very detailed if you look at it
up close it looks way more detailed than
from a distance you can see so one part
of that shoe that I really love again
extremely lightweight actually the the
checkers are I think probably lighter
it's close between those and the Lunars
and then you have these guys right here
now these these are definitely going to
be a hit and miss for people these are
the the fries the flying it fries and
I'm not a fan of the free technology
with this stuff for some reason it's
just never been comfortable for myself
but I wanted to pick these up at least
to give them a try I did try them on
there were a bit snug this is definitely
a shoe that you can actually wear
without socks which I thought was
interesting but if you consider the kind
of the knit upper again like it it's not
that big of a deal it's kind of actually
kind of interesting and it is very
flexible as you can see here
um pulling and stuff and pretty crazy um
I'm actually I don't even know what that
that collar is it's kind of interesting
because its office entered a little bit
as you can see in the back but these
things are kind of wicked I saw it look
the LeBron James event that I mentioned
before he was actually wearing these
like all black colorway I was curious to
what he thought of these they're very
snug and the downside for me like if you
act because I try to mana stuff when you
put your foot in the shoe this area
right here is super duper tight and it
may like it really kind of uncomfortable
for me so that area right here too tight
and it maybe be I don't know why but
because the arc of my foot or something
makes it bigger there I'm not sure
curious if you guys have tried these on
let me know leave a comment and if you
guys do find them comfortable now I'm
showing you these three shoes and I'm
not a runner this is somebody as
somebody speaking as a casual like we're
I guess of these sneakers so something
that would wear these shoes casually
these ones fit too snug for me I mean
obviously if you're running with them it
might be good and obviously that's the
main attraction of those guys so I'm
sure that those actually are really
really good for runners but for me again
that there was a little bit of
discomfort out of all the three I'd say
that the chukkas are the choucas or
whatever you want to call them more
definitely the most comfortable I was
actually trying to get more of these
unfortunately they they didn't have any
more in stock where I was shopping
they're supposedly getting them next
week but again I definitely want to get
another pair of those just because
they're just to me the freshest shoes
and then these guys right here I just
got these ones new as well I haven't
tried them on yet but I actually do if I
had to compare the three like in in a
tear I definitely would say the the
checkers are the most comfortable then
you got the the Flyknit Lunars and then
you have the flying it frees somebody
that actually likes the free technology
might might disagree but this is just my
opinion on them on the matter for
somebody that's not a runner and
for casual wear I really do like these
though these do look pretty crazy
looking forward to trying these on and
actually putting them down you guys want
to see it on feet of these or actually I
probably will do an on foot video of
these and the actually shoot I might as
well just do all three so look for that
video as a follow-up to this one and in
the next day or so we catch you guys
later thanks for watching check out the
website if you guys haven't already
collective kicks comm and that's my
website and I appreciate that
anybody that books mark marks that side
thank you for for doing that have a go
guys we catch you guys for another vid
soon peace